pass: add edit example; add more info to init/insert; make git example simpler (#4139)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pass.md

> All data is GPG-encrypted, and managed with a git repository.
> More information: <https://www.passwordstore.org>.

> - Initialize (Or Reencrypt) the storage using one or multiple gpg-ids for encryption:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Initialize (or re-encrypt) the storage using one or more GPG IDs:
```

`pass init {{gpg_id_1}} {{gpg_id_2}}`

> - Save a new password and additional information (Press Ctrl + d on a newline to complete):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Save a new password and additional information (press Ctrl + D on a new line to complete):
```

`pass generate -c {{path/to/data}} {{num}}`

> - Initialize a new git repostitory (Any changes done by pass will be comitted automatically):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Initialize a new Git repostitory (any changes done by pass will be comitted automatically):
```
Why this example instead of the previous one? What makes it better?

Author: Since you only really make changes to the files using pass, and all changes made by pass are committed automatically, this is the only command most people will use.

> - Initialize a new Git repostitory (any changes done by pass will be comitted automatically):

Reviewer 2: I think the original is a bit easier personally, however I'm fine with this. Just a typo in `repository`:
```suggestion
- Initialize a new Git repository (any changes done by pass will be comitted automatically):
```
